new car new standards Reason for the riots with a lot of powerful
Ground fog that stirs up here
clearly the Mercedes at the world premiere of the new m-class in Stuttgart
Neat on the plaster
Around one million 300,000 times the predecessor models are sold worldwide
been
Generation 3 soldiers do not give up
The first impression after the hustle and bustle has settled
the new one looks good
massive bonnet
Rider dominant grille
new headlights are, so to speak, the eyes of the car for the overall impression
just the lamps are so important as the look of the car Miga
the company has been involved
state-of-the-art technology www Parallels
were reading Arata functions
you see we are what I am under
Sheet metal is stuck
in the new, this is for masculine, which in turn is the female clientele
like
cries Stef designer winking at the a-samples
It is important to make an attractive home of an offender the car
into the vip room as men seized accordingly
Chur and for the men there is a send in numbers
because the e-class looks good the designers have not been shaking for a long time
and the taillights simply designed similarly
otherwise Mercedes tried with the new m-class the shared sube Image
tall sprit drinking environment incompatible manager toys or
Purchase Karen for wives of worlds-situated men from the world too
create
the new engines, especially the 250cc, should be as fuel efficient as the
Engine of a small car
full-bodied Mercedes promises a consumption of 6 liters per hundred
Kilometers and a minimum co2 emissions of 158 grams per
driven kilometers
like he is not yet the first test drives with the
new star subees are only possible in a few weeks
the new interior can be changed to supermodern with black
Leather and Allofs up to the class eständischen variant with Offenburger
the holster and asked had to sit on the whim after age whim
and taste of the buyer
clear that with CDs in addition to the best Oppenrod create even better and happy
promises
we assume that the first road tests confirm the promise
become
Six driving programs alone support off-road or on tarmac
Last open question what the cost of fun under 50 thousand euros will probably
nothing to go